Workings (short)

1. running a presentation:

Running a Presentation is quite simple. Start the program. Enter your Presentation-
number and click on "Start". Then the Presentation will be started.
The program uses Sans Serif Font, Black Text-colour and Buttonface Background
colours default but you can change that in the startup-screen if you want.

The Presentation stops at TextBlocks with an "S" or at the end of a Slide and you
can continue the Presenarion with [Space], [Enter] or [Return].
When you want to stop the Presentation just press the "Close" button.

That's all.

2. Defining a new presentation:

Enter a Presentation number and press "Start". If the Presentation exists then
it will be loaded and you will be able to extend or change it. It is does not
exist you will see an empty screen and you can enter a new Presentation.
At the start there is an Example presentation with number 1 so you must enter
2 if you want to start you first new Presentation.

To add subjects from a slide just click "Insert Subject". All details of the
subject will be filled in and you just have to add the text at the right.
When you want to add a text-block from let's say 3 lines then just add them
subsequently in the Presentation. Give the first 2 Action = "D" and the last
one Action = "S" to arrange that the block is shown in 1 time.

When you want the text to appear left-centered then press the L checkbox.
Standard the text will appear centered. ( The C checkbox )

When all text of the first slide is added click "new slide" to change the
slide- and the subject-numbers. Change the last field 'Amount' with the
actual amount of subjects that you want to add on the slide.

Enter all the remaining slides and subjects from the Presentation and when
you are ready then you must click the store button left down the screen to
store the Presentation for later use.

3. Updating an existing presentation:

Enter an existing Presentation number and press "Start". The Presentation will
be loaded and you will be able to extend or change it.
Extending the Presentation can be done the same way as you did for defining
a new presentation that we decribed above.

You can also change all the details of the text or the parameters of subjects
that already have been defined in the Presentation. When you want to remove
subjects then click the subject in the grid and press the delete button.

When you are ready with the changes then press the the store button left down 
the screen to store your updates in the program.





